Marucho, Drago and I were on a mission to save New Vestroia.
So we joined up with the Bakugan Battle Brawlers
Resistance.
Mira... Ace... And Baron.
Now we can battle the Vexos and free the Bakugan!
Every battle makes us stronger and brings us
closer to our goal.
Now we just have to smash all three Dimension
Controllers to free the Bakugan!
How hard can that be?
We're ready to roll...
Bakugan Brawl!
[\u266a]
Lync?
Look out!
Got to stop them...
Let's go!
I'm coming, Runo!
This is a bad idea!
Wait for me!
Wahooooo!
I told her not to go.
But would she listen? Nooo!
Is that?
It's Runo!
Brace... yourself!
Runo!
Catch me, Julie!
Don't ever do that again....
Welcome back, Runo...
[yelling]
[impact]
[impact grunt]
Dan!
You're back!
Uh... Hi guys...
Just thought I'd drop by for a visit.
Hey Girls...
meet the Bakugan Resistance.
Hi there...
Looks like... we have company.
Vexos!
Worst boy band...
ever.
[\u266a]
The Bakugan Battler Brawlers in \"Gate Crashers\".
The others took off so I'll crush you instead!
Ability Activate!
Darkus Stream!
Yeeeeeaaahhh!
Power Level 100.
Afraid of the dark, pipsqueak?
Am not!
I brought my own nightlight...
Elfin! It's time to wake up!
I like the way you're thinking, Marucho...
Time to change Attributes.
Sun, wind and rain combine!
Darkus Elfin is gonna sing you a lullabye.
Nighty night!
Ability Activate!
Moon Rainbow!
I'm your worst nightmare...
So say your prayers.
[\u266a]
[painful roar]
You think you're so big, Peewee!
Big enough to win...
Had enough, goofball?
No fair!
That was pretty pathetic.
Even for you.
Let's go before you embarrass yourself more.
[\u266a]
What the?
Who's afraid now?
Buh bye, Shadow Prove.
I hope Dan and the others made it through the Gate all right.
We'll just... have to wait.
Since we can't seem to hear the voices anymore...
the Gate must have closed behind them...
So until they're back, it's up to the three of us...
Got a problem with that?
Yeah, I do...
We're a team.
You don't just take off.
Give it a rest, Ace...
We'll destroy the Dimension Controller at Beta City...
That should pass the time...
Unless you're afraid.
As if...
Maybe we'll free all the Bakugan by the time they get back.
Now you're talkin'
Get this straight, guys...
This is my home turf and you're not welcome.
Hear that...
Mighty Spectra?
We're not wanted here on Earth.
You got that right!
Fine then...
I'll go but I want souvenir!
[frightened scream]
You feathered freak!
\"Watch your mouth\"
...Runo!
Hey, four eyes!
Because you didn't get your act together,
I got squashed by that little dweeb.
I want the heavy artillery.
Where's my mechanical Bakugan?
Soon. Soon.
Do you mind?
I bruise easily.
[dismissive laugh] I'm going to leave you boys alone.
Runo?
Hey Runo!
We'll find her, Master Dan!
[running panting]
We better!
There's no more tracks!
It's like they just disappeared.
We better split up.
Good idea...
Julie and I will cover the north forest...
You two cover the west...
Okay...
Sounds good...
Let's go...
Great. So now we're stranded on an ice cube planet in some
other universe.
Of course it figures...
that Spectra couldn't transport us to a beach
somewhere...
What is your problem?
Well, well.
It's Spectra's little pet.
Runo!
Daaan!
Dan! Look up there!
[\u266a]
You better not hurt her, Spectra.
Or you're history!
No need for theatrics...
Your friend is safe.
What do you want?
Come join the Vexos, Dan...
It's that simple.
Forget it!
Poor Gus.
You look lost without your master.
Let's see how tough you are...
[smug laugh]
... when Spectra's not here to back you.
Spectra may trust you now, but you're still a snake...
Why don't you slither back into your hole?
[smug laugh]
...That's real funny coming from Spectra's lap dog...
Did he let you off the leash or did you lose him when he
took you out for a walk?
[mocking chuckle]
That's it...
Your mouth is the only dangerous thing about you.
There's one way to find out.
Hold it... right there!
Where is Spectra?
You're brawling?
Trouble... in paradise?
Go ahead. Rip into each other.
I don't care...
Just tell us where...
Spectra took our friend, Runo.
Who knows?
Why don't you ask, Gus here?
Hey, Get back here!
[sigh]
Just me... and you now...
But you're not even worth my time.
Say what?
I promised Hydron I'd spy on those two but since they're
gone...
I'll take your Bakugan instead...
Shouldn't be too hard to do.
You're the weakest Brawler here.
Well, Baron?
Wanna try and...
prove me wrong?
How's it coming, Grandfather?
Not bad...
I think it's still in working order, Alice.
That's great!
So then we can use the Transporter...
to send those Vexos back to New Vestroia once the others
save Runo, right?
Considering the damage they've done to New Vestroia,
the faster they return...
the better off Earth will be.
There's only one problem now...
How do we find them and bring them here to send them
back to their own dimension?
I know exactly how we can do it!
Leave it to me!
Gus, wait!
Oh no...
Join you?
Have you lost it?
We share a goal...
to save the Bakugan.
Yeah right.
It's true, human...
Prince Hydron's your true enemy.
Prince... Hydron?
Vestal's prince...
He's the one who rules over of New Vestroia.
So what?
If we join forces...
we can end Hydron's threat.
Could Spectra actually be working to save the Bakugan?
If that's true then...
...Spectra really could be my brother, Keith,
infiltrating the Vexos to get to Hydron!
Mira, hold it!
Don't trust him!
First you take Runo and now you want to team up?
Yeah! Not cool!
Then I will show good faith...
The girl is yours.
Dan! Julie!
You might be interested to know your former Bakugan now
belong to Hydron.
They are now giant, bronze statues decorating his
throne room.
He's quite proud of his collection.
No way!
Statues?
Yes. Five of the Six Fighting Bakugan stand as an example
to anyone who dares to defy his rule.
Oh no... Gorem!
That does it!
Prince Hydron's toast.
[\u266a]
Stay tuned.
Nothing is as it seems!
It's crunch time!
Those Vexos are finito!
Are you gonna brawl or make a snow man?
Let's see how tough you are without Spectra.
Take your best shot.
Gauntlet, Power Strike!
[\u266a]
Gate Card Set!
Okay, Nemus... Let it rip!
Bakugan Brawl!
[\u266a]
Bakugan Stand!
Light it up!
Haos Nemus will destroy all comers!
[\u266a]
Yeah yeah... Big tough guy...
Now, Bakugan Brawl!
Stand! Ventus Altair!
[\u266a]
[battle roar]
Ability Activate!
Thunder Flare!
[\u266a]
Nemus Power Level Minus 200
Ability Activate!
Spark Roa!
Time for Nemus to take out the trash!
That was too easy.
Okay dweiner...
You're asking for it!
Ability Activate!
Thunder Booster!
[\u266a]
Hold on, Nemus!
Gate Card Open!
Haos Reactor!
Can't take the heat?
Wired Stand!
[ready for battle cry]
Here's the part where you get hammered!
Ability Activate!
Shower Harpoon!
[pain/getting hit]
Altair power levels increase 200.
And that's... all she wrote.
Don't count me out...
Bakugan Trap!
Haos Piercian!
Oh yeah!
[\u266a]
Ability Activate!
Haos Bunker!
Show them what you're made of Piercian!
Like a walk in the rain.
Aw, come on!
Say goodbye to all that extra power you had, Lync.
Now it's just a tasty snack for Nemus and Piercian!
You want some back?
Take it!
[defiant, suffering squeals]
Say bye bye!
Seriously? I'm losing to you?
Oh Believe it!
There's nothing that can get past Piercian when he's
summoned Haos Bunker ability!
Thank you, brave Piercian...
I owe you one.
[cocky chuckle]
Hmmph...
No one trashes my brawling.
Gate Card Set!
Altair!
Bakugan Brawl!
Wired! You're up too!
Hey!
That's a double throw!
You scared?
Combination Formation!
[ready for battle roar/squeal!]
Altair and Wired merge completed!
It's just one big Bakugan...You happy now?
Actually, yeah!
I've been meaning to try this!
Two-handed Bakugan Brawl!
Ready Nemus?
I'm always ready, Baron!
Bring it, Piercian!
Two Bakugan. Two abilities!
Ability Card Set!
[\u266a]
Double Ability Activate!
Corona Hole!
[surprise/suffering]
You think that's bad?
Wait till I add... Tank Bunker!
[\u266a]
I'm with you, Piercian!
Let's hit the lights!
Shine our path to triumph!
Altair power level decrease 500.
That's nothing...
Gate Card Open.
Ventus Reactor!
Yeah!
Feel the burn!
You talk big...
So I'm going to do you a favour...
Take a good look, Baron...
I haven't had time to test this card out yet...
So you get to be my little guinea pig!
Ability Activate!
Shock Cannon!
Once Meta-Altair charges up, it's obliteration-time!
There'll be nothing left of Nemus but ash!
You really are a little weasel!
A weasel who's about to blow Nemus to bits!
Launching Shock Cannon...
Fire!
Altair power level increase.
Not gonna happen! Ability Activate!
Soliton Defender!
Close the door, Piercian!
Say goodbye to your points!
And goodbye to this brawl!
Ability Activate!
Bolting Arrow!
Right down the middle!
Bullseye!
What? I lost to you?
Unbelievable!
Believe it, Mophead!
[\u266a]
Aw man...
Professor Clay's gonna kill me.
They're totally burnt.
You oughtta throw that junk away.
Of course!
Taking down Prince Hydron will be a lot easier with
the help of the Bakugan Brawlers Resistance...
Then the way will be clear...
...for Spectra to rule New Vestroia!
With the power of the Bakugan in our hands,
we will become invincible.
And once that happens, there's nothing these
children can do to stop us.
Spectra will rule, with me at his side.
The only way for you to save your friends is to work with me.
Tigrerra...
Riiight, 'cause you're so trustworthy.
I'm telling you the truth!
But...
They're going for it.
What if what he says is true?
Can we afford not to join forces?
I want to believe him.
Don't listen to him!
Even if what you say is true we'll never join the Vexos!
You're the ones who invaded New Vestroia and captured
the Bakugan...
First you take their world, then you treat them like
animals.
There's no way we'll work with you!
Right, Mira?
Wha...? Yeah.
Your so called 'friend' Mira is a Vestal too.
You can forge an alliance with her and not with me?
I gave you your friend back.
I'm talking, not brawling...
What more proof do you need?
Free the Bakugan first and I'll believe.
Not till we bring down Hydron!
What's the matter?
You afraid to give up all your power?
That's why we'll never trust you, Spectra!
Alice?
Freaky! How'd you do that?
Remember?
This is the card Masquerade used to transport himself.
I used it to help me find you guys and warp me here...
Now as for you two...
You're taking another trip.
A trip?
Alice, wait!
What are you doing?
[\u266a]
Alice!
Dan, Alice! Get out of there! Now!
Aaaaahhh!
Gus!
Man, that was close.
Pretty good reflexes, Dan.
I'm okay.
You can let me go any time now.
Huh?
It's shorting out!
Got it!
[\u266a]
So, Spectra and Gus have been sent back to New Vestroia?
I guess they're out of our hair for now.
Baron... Where's Lync?
Well you've got me...
Once I trashed his Bakugan...
He took off into the woods and I completely lost him.
I'm afraid that last warp was too much for the
Dimensional Transporter.
I'll have to rebuild it from scratch before I can send
anyone back again.
What? My parents...
they'll ground me for staying over in another
dimension!
And what about our Bakugan pals?
Hydron turned them into statues!
We must complete our mission to free all the Bakugan.
Please Dr. Michael. Can't you fix it?
Just enough for one more trip?
I think so, Dan...
But it will take me some time.
Then... What do we do while you're fixing it?
Slumber party!
We'll make a new plan to save the Bakugan...
and have popcorn and watch movies!
Are you for real?
A whole planet's at stake here!
This isn't a party, Julie!
We need a serious strategy.
We can do it at my house...
Okay?
It's more than okay, Master Dan!
It's... awesome...
Totally awesome!
Uh.. Okay then.
Hey! Looks like our ride is here!
[\u266a]
See you... Good Luck!
Goodbye, Alice!
We're counting on you, Dr. Michael.
Don't worry.
Lync!
Hey!
It looks like you're stuck here with the rest of us for
a while.
Yeah...
A little birdie told me.
So what are you going to do?
Wanna come with us?
Like I need you...
I can find my own way back without you amateurs.
Whatever! Suit yourself then...
We're outta here
Safe journey!
[\u266a]
Forget it...
There's nothing that could make me want anything to do
with you.
[stomach growls]
As soon as the Transporter is repaired...
you are so gone. [closed-mouth hmmmph!]
[sad, soft crying]
Mira here.
Looks like Baron and I are stuck on Earth.
But Dan and his friends are eager to show off their
world by taking us to an amusement park,
whatever that is.
So how is it I end up brawling against Spectra and Gus?
I challenge you...
if you're brave enough.
If I win, Spectra takes off his mask.
But if I lose, I have to join the Vexos and maybe
even fight against my own friends!
But I'm not gonna lose!
Be there!
And bring... your Bakugan!
[\u266a]